He can understand the cloud and understand the navy in seven steps
Xiao Yingfang, he is too amazing
That's terrible.
More than a hundred years of cultivation
The guards have seen such terrifying people
Miaoxian has been defeated
It seems that this divine sword belongs to my Tianyuanmen
Military heroes are elders
Junior sister watch me perform
Ah!
senior brother
Look for this sword
It seems that it was still collected by me and Yuan Pai
How can you still look for a sword?
Why doesn't this sword obey?
Call you shrug
Oh, this sword really recognizes the master?
Master, why don't I give it a try?
Forget it, you kind-hearted person, but Heyuan sent a disciple
He can't even pick up his divine power, let alone you